#summary gprivacy Release History
#labels Featured

This is a history of releases `gprivacy`-Versions.

The complete change-log can be found [http://code.google.com/p/gprivacy/source/list here] and developer-annotated change-log is [here].

= Release History =

<wiki:comment>
In case somebody's wondering why I'm using HTML-markup: I want to copy this
page to and from the AMO release notes.
</wiki:comment>

=== v0.2.0pre5 (unreleased) ===
  <li>More <i>Google</i> sites supported (News, ~~Mail~~)</li>
  <li>More <i>Yahoo</i> sites supported (My!, ~~Mail~~). Blocked more clicks.</li>
  <li>Better <i>Facebook</i> look.</li>
  <li>Options can now be accessed from Mozilla's <tt>Privacy Options</tt> page, too.</li>
  <li>Added <tt>de-DE</tt>-locale.
  <li>Extensibility: Support for new websites can be added by small extensions (Sample `Ask.com` support <a href="http://code.google.com/p/gprivacy/downloads/detail?name=gprask-0.2.0pre5-sm%2Bfx.xpi">available here</a>, <a href="http://code.google.com/p/gprivacy/wiki/Developers">Developer page</a>).</li>
  <li>Improved compatibility with <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/addon/requestpolicy/">!RequestPolicy</a>.
  <li>Fix clicks in formatted Google results (matches <b>bold</b>). Though formatting gets lost now, if you replace the tracked links.</li>
  <li>Fix Ctrl-Click bug</li>
  <li>Major code refactoring.</li>

=== v0.1.0 ===
  <li>Enable engines separately</li>
  <li>Add options leave links from same domain alone (default!)</li>
  <li>Open options from context menu on recognized websites</li>
  <li>YouTube support</li>
  <li>Allow blocking of all link events</li>
  <li>Improve Facebook links</li>

=== v0.0.4 ===
  <li>Added support for Yahoo! and Bing</li>
  <li>Option to hide the link text</li>

=== v0.0.3 ===
 <li>Initial release on [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/addon/google-privacy/ AMO].</li>
 <li>Supported engines: Google, Yahoo! and Bing.</li>



= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages