#summary A lose collection of experiences with supported websites
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= Google =

== Search: http://www.google.com ==
 * `"onmousedown"`-handler, that rewrites the result links. Turning !JavaScript off disables this, but also most of the functionality. Once the click is finished (mouse released), you'll get redirected by a intermediate google page.
 * Unfortunately, document clicks are handled by event listeners, that have to be prevented. This breaks the formatted results (bold words in the link), so formatting had to be removed.
 
== Mail: https://mail.google.com ==
 * External links in mails don't seem to get tracked. How nice of you :-)

== News: http://news.google.com ==
 * A `"click"`-event listener, that checks for the class `"_tracked"` and doesn't try to redirect if present.

== Documents: https://docs.google.com ==
 * Not tested yet, but probably not useful to block a lot there...


= Yahoo! =

== Search: http://search.yahoo.com ==
 * A _capturing_ event listener does a background ping home, as soon as the mouse goes down on the link.
 * Adding our own capturing listener really slows things down - and breaks Ctrl-clicks (middle-clicks still work)!

== Mail: https://mail.google.com ==
 * Also here, extern links in mails seem OK.

== My Yahoo! http://my.yahoo.com ==
 * External links there usually open a reader panel, that will of course be tracked. Preventing this looses some of the convenience of this portal.

== News: http://news.yahoo.com ==
 * Yahoo! has its own big news service, so almost all of the links on the portal point to Yahoo! pages. So of course, they know what you're clicking ;-)


= Bing =

== Search: http://www.bing.com ==
 * `"onmousedown"`-handler, that _immediately_ phones home. Remove it, and youre in the clear!

== Hotmail: https://www.hotmail.com ==
 * A nasty capturing event listener, that pings 'Mike@live.com' (http://g.live.com/mike?YourLink) on a complete `"click"`-event. Mike shouldn't know!
 * You have to click 'Show content' first, though - and I won't remove it. It's there for a reason, and it's harmless...
 * Ctrl- and middle-clicks still trigger a ping to 'Mike', though :-(

= YouTube =
 * An event listener, that opens a YouTube redirect-page. Unfortunately, overriding this, breaks Ctrl-Clicks to open the link in a new window. But there's a simpler method: set the magic attribute `"data-redirect-href-updated"` to `"true"`, and everything's fine.

= Facebook =
 * Another simple `"onmousedown"`-handler, that opens a redirect-page. The problem with FB is, not to break its formatting completely.

= Ask.com =

